[Workers, Pages, R2] style guide fixes (#5508)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/platform/limits.md

# Limits

## Account plan limits

> To increase any limits needed for your project, fill out the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).

Author: ```suggestion
To increase any limits needed for your project, submit the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).
```

{{<table-wrap>}}

| Feature                         | Limit                                 |
| ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| Bucket                          | 1,000 buckets per account              |
| Data storage per bucket         | Unlimited                             |
| Object size                     | 5 TB per object<sup>1</sup>           |

> | Maximum upload size<sup>3</sup> | 5 GB<sup>2</sup>                      |

Reviewer: Can't select the line below, but while we're here can we update the Class A operations per bucket to say 1000 per second?

Reviewer: Also curious why Bucket has the comma whereas the limits don't. I'm also kind of surprised we're normalizing a localization instead of making it the browser's responsibility - do the docs not have the infrastructure to format numbers in a locale-aware way?
